It's dad who's sorry for you
pity
My sister looked so beautiful when she was a child
She should be a great beauty now
I don't know if she's dead or alive now
Dad, you spent a hundred million bounty
Still no news from my sister?
Hey all the clues
It's all a lie
possible
Maybe he is no longer in this world
If my sister is gone
I will take care of you like my own daughter
Zi Yan
Although you and I are not related by blood
But even if I find my dream
You are no different from him.
Yeah, I know, Dad
Dad, what's the matter with you?
Ah!
Is everything okay?
It's just that the heart is a little uncomfortable, it's alright
how
Promise dad
Must find so-and-so
At least until I die
I want to meet him.
Dad, don't worry.
I will definitely find him
Gas, you better be dead outside
Don't try to rob your family of 100 billion yuan with me
The old man next door suddenly offered a reward of 100 million yuan
Looking for my own daughter
It looks like his heart attack is getting worse
I want to kiss my daughter before I die
Yeah, listen to the doctor
Even if supported by the Ning family's billions of dollars
You can live up to five years.
So it's too cheap.
He must die at my hands